what's up guys footballs coming back
here with the NCAA football 2013 demo
for all of you guys don't get too caught
up in the gameplay guys this was the
first game I play and I tried a lot of
different plays just to kind of get a
feel for what the issues were last year
to see if they've improved this year
someone there's a couple plays where I
purposely played them just to see what
the outcome was for example testing out
super linebacker stuff like that don't
get caught up into that but I did want
to give you guys my hands on impression
with this demo not on playstation 3 yet
but and in just a little caveat it is a
demo so it's not the final version which
will be out in a month so let's start
off the passing game first play the game
I come on with the play-action pass that
was one of the big selling benefits this
year hey the passing games improved guys
so let's talk about it one of the big
things they've done is they've said hey
don't use your left analog stick anymore
to control the quarterback is he drops
out of the pocket and I forgot all about
that I'm gonna be honest with you in
this game play the first half that
you're seeing right here against USC vs
oregon i forgot all about that and guess
what because you're using the l eft
analog stick to drop back in the packet
you don't realize now the left analog
stick actually helps you lead the ball
into the receiver so big oops on my part
apologized but i did want to talk about
that because the big thing here is now
all you do is tap a your quarterback
quarterback automatically steps back in
the pocket three five or seven steps you
don't touch anything that to me is a bit
strange after years of knowing hey i use
my left analog stick to control my
player so not having control your player
i shouldn't say you don't have control
over your player just doesn't feel if
you have control because now you dump it
step step press press a you don't step
on your colors do you i hope now getting
pregnant breaking me go there we get
really poor so you step you said there
is at it again you press eight the
quarterback automatically drops back
three five or seven depending on the
past play that you selected and then you
just you stand in the pocket and you use
your left analog stick now to lead your
wide receiver so that's a big change
it's gonna get away it's gonna take
while to get used to that it took me
probably a good game to realize okay
this is just part of it this is the
change this is how they're trying to
prove the passing game I think it could
be something for the better but I have
to wait and see I kind of like having
total control so it's a little bit
strange for me just press a button and
just kind of hold back and then just
read the defense I guess as a small
change some people be like what your
kind of crazy it's just it's not a big
thing and I talked about the first play
of the game the play action play action
they used to be play action sack and now
I tried a couple play-action passes and
there I tried the super linebacker i
went with i did that play on purpose i
wanted to test out the super linebacker
I didn't get the super linebacker even
the linebacker swatted it he was
stepping back into coverage he was
reading the ball and he was actually
hip-to-hip off the wide receiver which
is the good technique so I did not see
for the most part any super linebackers
any psychic DBS which has been taken
away it's now read read and react which
is a nice improvement however all those
improvements in the passing game does
come with the caveat guys there's always
as woman this is well basically what
I've saw a few times not all the time is
the defense of a I was a little bit dumb
it was about as dumb as a Idaho Potato
guys sorry for from Idaho but you guys
know I'm talking about I hope at 80 so I
mean there was a few times where I'd
throw a ball the DB would just stand
there watch the ball come to me like hmm
that looks good oh oh I'm supposed oh
I'm supposed to do something coach
supposed to swat yeah you're supposed to
swat it but for the most part it was
good there was just a few times I
tweeted that out that mention the the
defense of a I was kind of bad and
someone said well we don't know what
difficulty it is on it and there's some
to some point to that but i don't know i
just don't like to see it overall I mean
especially if it's a demo most people
are going to download the demo are
probably more of your hardcore fans
anyway so why not quite have the demo
and a harder difficulty you know so that
way you can get people excited about the
game because of the games a little bit
of a challenge in the demo I think
people reading more
likely to buy so I don't let my thought
on it maybe i'm just dumb on it I don't
know so passing game there you go
reading reacts no more touching a left
analog stick only to lead your wide
receivers play-action being fixed read
and react defense nice improvement let's
talk a little bit about the running game
the big thing with the running game is
the animations are the same basically
but the biggest difference is the
trenches I have not noticed any
difference the blocking animations look
exactly the same from last year and
that's a little bit frustrating used to
be it's this whole it's the same one two
animations we've seen every year and
it's a little bit old I would like to
see that vastly improved a little bit
more of a struggle in the trenches I
mean to me football is won and lost in
the trenches so why not fix that first
before you fix anything else that's just
my thought and maybe I am just a retard
I'll reap pod and I don't know what else
to say but I don't know it would have
been nice to see an improvement in the
trenches a little bit better animations
down there I mean the passing games nice
but you know let's try to balance it out
a little bit I think I mean look at this
I mean offensive lineman just kind of
stepping back and there I that normally
in the past would probably be an
interception not gonna lie so that's a
nice addition you had a double coverage
there and it was thrown in nicely throw
a catch and used to be in the bat and in
the past it used to be that no look
interception to it and so what that has
been removed which is nice more swats
it's the start the turnover oh gee have
the past but it's not as significant as
last year and speaking of defense when i
was playing defense i would have been
nice to have a little bit more animation
power to get past the offensive lineman
like a bull rush or some kind of other
movies but it didn't have that available
so it just didn't feel and very
enjoyable and let's talk about the crowd
the crowd just didn't feel very into
this game at all it's a college
atmosphere guys if the crowd should be
into it and during the whole game I
didn't really feel like I was in a
college stadium
so that would have been nice to feel
kind of more immersed in the stadium
have the crowd more into it here the
crowd chances the ban and so forth
didn't get into that and then lastly
about the presentation felt the same as
last year guys the only difference is
the studio updates so anyway that's my
just quick thoughts let me know what you
guys think about the game